Krieger come here look at my new friend
Kevin oh you know uh huh yeah oh I just
had to double fudge sundaes oh you all
right okay you know Jerry is one of
those every time he bombs onstage
well I'm sure you'll be sharing his next
one with Pam oh no that won't last
what do you mean he's not gaga goody J
uh can we talk kind of busy I'd like to
talk to Jerry in private where can I
stay
because it doesn't concern you well if
it doesn't concern me then I can stay
so what's on your mind it's Pam Pam what
about the pet I love her Jerri what I
love is that right she's she's real she
can bring home the bacon and fry it in
the pan oh that voice what about her
name yeah oh it's a beautiful name Pam
yeah ha she's got really nice hair oh
it's incredible although I might replace
her tortoise cliff with one of those
velvet scrunchies I love those
you've got really specific taste oh I
know what I want you she's got nice
calves oh she's a dreamboat but you
don't like hers maybe I could you're
making some pretty good points no you
can't but I'm I know you don't why not
the voice the calves the vacant what I
think I can huh I even like the name hey
hey so now he wants her more than ever
past what am I gonna do
don't despair my friend I won't allow
your love to go unrequited not like mine
wanna get with you sorry but love is a
spice with many tastes a dizzying array
of textures and moments I could say
things like that around her yes looks
and my words will have built the perfect
Beast oh hi Cramer hi how are you hi how
are you I'm great I to perform I too and
well do I smell panty do I smell panty a
panty oh my sham oh yay you know it is
panty I got a free sample evany with my
junk mail well there really is no junk
mail Oh everybody wants to get a check
or a birthday card but it requires just
as much manpower to deliver is there
they're precious little greeting cards
what hi human human it's human to be
moved by a fragrance that's so true her
bouquet cleaved his hardened shell and
fondled his muscled heart he imbibed her
glistening spell just before the other
shoe fell creamer that is so lovely it's
by an unknown 20th century poet Oh
what's his name no matter